                                 Types of Variables in Java:
    There are 3 types of variable 1) local 2) instance 3) static

    1) Local variable :

    if a variable is inside a method || a part of its parameters || or a loop || switch statement ||
    if else condition, it is called a local variable.

    2) Instance variable:

       If a variable is inside the class but outside of any block of code like method loop
       switch statement if else condition it is called an instance variable.

    3)static variable:

    If an instance variable has a static keyword with it than it is called a static variable

Why learn about different types of variable:
    1)  it helps us reduce the amount of RAM
        that our application will be using
        when it will be running.

    2)  We can pass information between methods of class with the help of these variables.

    3)  They occupy the memory for the shortest period of time of time as soon as your method is done
        executing they are destroyed by a special program called garbage collector


                                How to use these:
    Local: Create inside block of code

Advantages vs Disadvantages

                                Local variables
advantages:     They occupy the memory for the shortest period of time
                Always try to use local variables when possible to save memory

disadvantages:  They are very limited in scope means we can't access them outside of method or the block
                of scope.

                               Instance variables:
Advantages:     They have broader scope as compared to local variables means we can access
                in all the methods of the class.

Disadvantages:  They occupy the space in your RAm for longer periods of time.

                               Static variables:
Advantages:     We can call static variables without creating an object of a class.
                We can share a single value between all the objects of a class


All the variables which are defined outside a block of code with static keyword they are
    called static variables.
    upSide:
    1) They only reserve a single memory location for all the instances of a class
    2) They can be accessed by just writing the name of the class and variable name
    1) They only reserve a single memory location for all the instances of a class.
    2) They can be accessed by just writing the name of the class and variable name.
    downSide:
    The occupy the memory for longest period of time they always store only one value
    for all the objects of that class.

Real life use:
    Most of the time you will be storing constant values in static variables.
    static is also used heavily with methods that don't involve instance variables
Access modifiers:
    There are 3 access modifier keywords(private protected public) and
    four access levels(private default protected public) in java.
Rules:
    Access modifiers can only be used with instance and static members
    of a class(fields and methods)
private:
    when we use private with any method or variable we can only access that method or
    variable in that class.

Default(it's not a keyword):
    we can access that member inside the same class inside the same package in other classes.
public:
    when we use the public access modifier with members of a class it is available throughout
    that project.
Real Life use:
    99 % of the time instance fields are private.
    99 % of the time instance and static methods are public.